README.md, before:

# JapaneseFurigana

<a title="Rate on AnkiWeb" href="https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/678316993"><img src="https://glutanimate.com/logos/ankiweb-rate.svg"></a>
<a title="GNU GPLv3" href="LICENSE"><img  src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GNU GPLv3-green.svg"></a>

> _Une langue s'apprend dans le système d'écriture qui lui est propre_ -- Julien Fontanier

JapaneseFurigana is an Anki 2.1 add-on providing support for adding or removing furigana on Japanese content in cards.
It is intended to work cross-platforms, either on `Windows (Intel)`, `MacOS (Intel or M1)` or `Linux (Intel)`.

Japanese readings are generated by [MeCab](https://taku910.github.io/mecab/) and [Kakasi](http://kakasi.namazu.org/index.html.en).

## Usage

JapaneseFurigana adds two buttons in the card editor toolbar that detects kanjis and generates or removes their respective furigana readings.

![screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2095991/81614721-bd883880-93e0-11ea-8200-aeea2da7c5d3.png)

This plugin will generate furigana using the recommended bracket notation by default, but also offers compatibility with ruby tags generated by other tools such as ClozeFuriganaTools.

I will try my best to offer a backward compatibility with older versions of Anki but I do not guarantee it. Anki moves pretty fast and we need to follow.

## Options

* **Tools > Use ruby tags** to generate furigana using ruby tags instead of bracket notation
* **Tools > Ignore numbers** to avoid generating furigana for numbers

## Tests

I try to include unit tests as much as possible, you can run them with `python -m unittest`.

## Why

There is already plently of plugins available for Japanese, but most of them are incompatible with the lastest versions of Anki or do not work on MacOS.

JapaneseFurigana was originally inspired by [ClozeFuriganaTools](https://github.com/golddranks/ClozeFuriganaTools) and
[Simple Furigana](https://github.com/jcsirot/anki-simple-furigana) but has since been refactored to simplify and debloat it and
does not include code from these two projects anymore.

Commit message:

Add support warning for Apple Silicon in README.md

README.md, after:

# JapaneseFurigana

<a title="Rate on AnkiWeb" href="https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/678316993"><img src="https://glutanimate.com/logos/ankiweb-rate.svg"></a>
<a title="GNU GPLv3" href="LICENSE"><img  src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GNU GPLv3-green.svg"></a>

> _Une langue s'apprend dans le système d'écriture qui lui est propre_ -- Julien Fontanier

JapaneseFurigana is an Anki 2.1 add-on providing support for adding or removing furigana on Japanese content in cards.
It is intended to work cross-platforms, either on `Windows`, `MacOS` or `Linux`.

* Japanese readings are generated by [MeCab](https://taku910.github.io/mecab/) and [Kakasi](http://kakasi.namazu.org/index.html.en).
* Apple Silicon (M1, M2...) has an experimental support.

## Usage

JapaneseFurigana adds two buttons in the card editor toolbar that detects kanjis and generates or removes their respective furigana readings.

![screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2095991/81614721-bd883880-93e0-11ea-8200-aeea2da7c5d3.png)

This plugin will generate furigana using the recommended bracket notation by default, but also offers compatibility with ruby tags generated by other tools such as ClozeFuriganaTools.

I will try my best to offer a backward compatibility with older versions of Anki but I do not guarantee it. Anki moves pretty fast and we need to follow.

## Options

* **Tools > Use ruby tags** to generate furigana using ruby tags instead of bracket notation
* **Tools > Ignore numbers** to avoid generating furigana for numbers

## Tests

I try to include unit tests as much as possible, you can run them with `python -m unittest`.

## Why

There is already plently of plugins available for Japanese, but most of them are incompatible with the lastest versions of Anki or do not work on MacOS.

JapaneseFurigana was originally inspired by [ClozeFuriganaTools](https://github.com/golddranks/ClozeFuriganaTools) and
[Simple Furigana](https://github.com/jcsirot/anki-simple-furigana) but has since been refactored to simplify and debloat it and
does not include code from these two projects anymore.
